Update environment-permissions-setup.md (#6957)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/environment-permissions-setup.md

In your dbt Cloud account:

1. Click your account name, above your profile icon on the left side panel, then select **Account settings**.

> 2. From there, select **Groups & Licenses**. We recommend deleting the default `Owner`, `Member`, and `Everyone` groups before deploying and replacing them with your organizational groups. 

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select **Groups & Licenses**. We recommend deleting the default `Owner`, `Member`, and `Everyone` groups before deploying and replacing them with your organizational groups to avoid granting users unnecessary elevated privileges.
```

> 2. Select **Groups & Licenses**. We recommend deleting the default `Owner`, `Member`, and `Everyone` groups and replacing them with your organizational groups to avoid granting users unnecessary elevated privileges.

Reviewer: Small nit
```suggestion
2. Select **Groups & Licenses**. We recommend deleting the default `Owner`, `Member`, and `Everyone` groups and, instead, assigning users to your organizational groups to avoid granting them unnecessary elevated privileges.
```

Author: hey @matthewshaver, great sugg! going to add a comma after instead to improve clarity

> 2. Select **Groups & Licenses**. We recommend deleting the default `Owner`, `Member`, and `Everyone` groups before deploying and replacing them with your organizational groups to avoid granting users unnecessary elevated privileges.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select **Groups & Licenses**. We recommend deleting the default `Owner`, `Member`, and `Everyone` groups and replacing them with your organizational groups to avoid granting users unnecessary elevated privileges.
```
